Fix #145 (#153)
hazelcast/imdg-docs: docs/modules/clients/pages/hazelcast-clients.adoc

* xref:go.adoc[Go]
* xref:python.adoc[Python]

== Feature Comparison for Hazelcast Clients

Not all features are available in all clients.

To find out which features are available in each client,
see the https://hazelcast.org/clients-languages/[feature comparison matrix^]
.

== Serialization in Client/Server Mode

> To be able to send data over a network between cluster members and/or clients, you have to serialize it into raw bytes.

Author: ```suggestion
To be able to send objects between cluster members and/or clients, you have to serialize it into raw bytes.

```
